# Hiv-rate-country-wise-visualization
The included Excel file lists HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from15 to 49 in the world from 1979 to 2011.  Use the dataset to complete followingtasks:1.  Add one column as “continent” in the dataset and label each country/regionin  the  dataset  to  an  appropriate  continent  such  as  “Europe”,  “Asia”,“Africa”,  “North  America”,  “South  America”,  “Australia”,  or  “Antarc-tica”.  Explain how do you validate the correctness of your labelling.  Out-put the updated dataset as a new CSV file.  (1 point).  (Note:  You mustwrite a Python program to complete the labelling, manully labelling won’tget any credit).2.  Write a Python program to find the country/region in each continent thathas the highest average HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from 15to 49 of from year 2000 to 2011.  Find the country/region in each continentthat has the lowest average HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from15 to 49 of from year 2000 to 2011.  Create a bar chart to show the highestaverage HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from 15 to 49 of from year2000 to 2011 in each continent (1 point).  Create a bar chart to show thelowest average HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from 15 to 49 offrom year 2000 to 2011 in each continent (1 point).  Create an overlaid barchart to show the highest and lowest average HIV estimated prevalence ofpeople ages from 15 to 49 of from year 2000 to 2011 in each continent (1point).  Select a country/region that is different from the average highestor lowest HIV estimated prevalence of people ages from 15 to 49 from year2000 to 2011 from each continent, then create an overlaid line chart forthe selected country/region, the average highest and lowest HIV estimatedprevalence of people ages from 15 to 49 from year 2000 to 2011 for eachcontinent (1 point).3.  Write a Python progrma to calculate the average HIV estimated preva-lence of people ages from 15 to 49 for each year in the dataset for eachcontinent (you only need simply add the estimate prevalence number ofall countries/regions and divided by the number of the countries/regionsin the continent).  Based on the calculation, create a line chart for eachcontinent to show the changes of the average HIV estimated prevalencefrom 1979 to 2011 (1 point).  Create an overlaid line chart for all conti-nents to show their changes of the average HIV estimated prevalence from1
1979 to 2011 (1 point).4.  Create two scatter plots to show the data (i.e.  each country/region) inyear  1990  and  year  2010,  respectively.   The  vertical  axis  in  the  scatterplot is the HIV estimated prevalence, and the horizontal axis is the corre-sponding year average HIV estimated prevalence in each continent, whichyou  calculated  above.   Using  different  color  to  show  data  from  differentcontinent (1 point).  If you found any interesting result from the charts,explain it.5.  Write a report to explain how each question is implemented and its outputgraphs (2 point).
